Atlantic 2024 talks (#2156)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/atlantic/2024/news/announcing-speakers.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

> .. post:: June 06, 2024

Reviewer: Is this intentionally tomorrow? Just to check if it appears correctly.

   :tags: atlantic-2024, speakers, tickets, shirts

Announcing speakers and talks
=============================

Greetings, documentarians! Today we're excited to announce that we've finalized our speakers for the next virtual {{city}} conference!

Thank you so much to everyone who took the time to send us a proposal – we literally wouldn't have an event without you!

Full speaker line-up
--------------------

Every year, we look to bring a wide range of voices to the Write the Docs stage. 

> Because the role of "documentarian" looks so different to each of us, we aim for a line-up that spans a good mix of practical, philosophical, and technical topics – with the odd whimsical one thrown in for good measure.

Reviewer: Is there a topic that the description "odd whimsical" especially applies to this time? I did not think so at quick glance.

We hope you're as excited about our program as we are!

.. datatemplate::
   :source: /_data/{{shortcode}}-{{year}}-sessions.yaml
   :template: {{year}}/speakers-simple-list.rst

Head over to the `Speakers page <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/speakers/>`_ to see the full abstracts.
We hope there’s something there for everyone to enjoy, and also something that will broaden your horizons a bit.

Tickets are going fast!
-----------------------

If you don't have your ticket yet, now's a great time to snap one up. Conference tickets have sold out for the last several years, and they go faster along with the speaker announcement, so if you're planning to come, don't leave it to the last minute.

> We will close registrations around one week before the conference, to give folks enough time to set up their Hopin credentials.

Reviewer: I believe we should not be mentioning Hopin.
```suggestion
We will close registrations around one week before the conference, to give folks enough time to set up their credentials for the conference platform.
```

`Buy your tickets here! <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/tickets/>`_

Grant program still open
------------------------

Just a friendly reminder that our grant program is still open for application. 
We're excited to be able to offer free tickets to a larger number of people, since there are no travel costs involved in attending a virtual event.

You can apply until **{{ grants.ends }}** on `our website <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/opportunity-grants/>`_.

Thanks to our sponsors
----------------------

We are so grateful to have our sponsors help in bringing our events to life every year.

Head over to our `sponsorship prospectus <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/sponsors/prospectus/>`_ for details on how your company can get involved!

> We have several types of sponsorship available, including tables at the job fair that we'll be hosting on Tuesday.

Reviewer: "Tables" feels too physical to me, but maybe that's just a personal thing.
```suggestion
We have several types of sponsorship available, including spaces at the job fair that we'll be hosting on Tuesday.
```
